add show local session command (#995)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/3.ngql-guide/7.general-query-statements/6.show/17.show-sessions.md

# SHOW SESSIONS

When a user logs in to the database, a corresponding session will be created and users can query for session information.

The `SHOW SESSIONS` statement shows the information of all the sessions. It can also show a specified session with its ID.

## Precautions

> - The client will execute the API `release` to release the session and clear the session information when you run `exit` after the operation ends. If you exit the database in unexpected ways with the `session_idle_timeout_secs` in [nebula-graphd.conf](../../../5.configurations-and-logs/1.configurations/3.graph-config.md) undetermined, the session will not be released automatically. For those sessions that are not automatically released, you need to delete them manually (TODO: coding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The client will call the API `release` to release the session and clear the session information when you run `exit` after the operation ends. If you exit the database in an unexpected way and the session timeout duration is not set via `session_idle_timeout_secs` in [nebula-graphd.conf](../../../5.configurations-and-logs/1.configurations/3.graph-config.md), the session will not be released automatically. For those sessions that are not automatically released, you need to delete them manually (TODO: coding).
```

> - `SHOW SESSIONS` queries session information from all Graph services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SHOW SESSIONS` queries the session information of all the Graph services.
```

> - `SHOW LOCAL SESSIONS` queries session information from the currently connected Graph service, does not queries session information from other Graph services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SHOW LOCAL SESSIONS` queries the session information of the currently connected Graph service and does not query the session information of other Graph services.
```

> - `SHOW SESSION <Session_Id>` queries session information with a specified session id。

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `SHOW SESSION <Session_Id>` queries the session information with a specific session id.
```
